Describe the new array syntax (#364)
stan-dev/docs: src/reference-manual/types.Rmd

For example,

```stan
array[10] real x;
array[6,7] matrix[3, 3] m;
```

declares `x` to be a one-dimensional array of size 10 containing
real values, and declares `m` to be a two-dimensional array of
size $6 \times 7$ containing values that are $3 \times 3$ matrices.

> Arrays can also be declared using the old array syntax. Equivalent

Reviewer: Do something like:

```
Prior to 2.26 Stan models used a different syntax. Equivalent declarations of `x` and `m` are:
```

The thing that bothers me there is 'old' vs. 'new'. I think we should try to be specific about the times here -- like old and new in a year or so are gonna be kinda vague.

Author: Yeah, but I am not sure on what would be better names though?

Reviewer: Maybe just call it the pre-2.26 array syntax. And then you can call the new stuff the syntax with the array keyword and we've gotten rid of the relative time terms

Author: Prior to 2.26 Stan models used a different syntax, with the array
dimensions defined after the variable identifier. 
Equivalent declarations of `x` and `m` with the pre-2.26 syntax:

```stan
real x[10];
matrix[3, 3] m[6, 7];
```

Author: That good ?

Reviewer: Yup

declarations of `x` and `m` are.
```stan
real x[10];
matrix[3, 3] m[6, 7];
```

> Using the new array syntax with the `array` keyword is advised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the syntax with the `array` keyword is advised.
```

### Declaring array variables {-}

Arrays are declared with the keyword `array` followed by the dimensions

> enclosed in square brackets and the array type and the name of the variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
enclosed in square brackets, the element type, and the name of the variable.
```

The variable `n` is declared as an array of five integers as follows.

```stan
array[5] int n;
```

A two-dimensional array of real values with three rows and four columns is
declared with the following.

```stan
array[3, 4] real a;
```

A three-dimensional array `z` of positive reals with five rows, four
columns, and two shelves can be declared as follows.

```stan
array[5, 4, 2] real<lower=0> z;
```

Arrays may also be declared to contain vectors.  For example,

```stan
array[3] vector[7] mu;
```

declares `mu` to be an array of size 3 containing vectors with 7
elements.  Arrays may also contain matrices.  The example

```stan
array[15, 12] matrix[7, 2] mu;
```

declares a 15 by 12 array of $7 \times 2$ matrices.  Any of the
constrained types may also be used in arrays, as in the declaration

```stan
array[2, 3, 4] cholesky_factor_cov[5, 6] mu;
```

of a $2 \times 3 \times 4$ array of $5 \times 6$ Cholesky factors of
covariance matrices.

> #### Old array syntax

Reviewer: Is it old or deprecated?

Author: Its not deprecated yet (it will not warn). I guess we will deprecate it once tuples are introduced, You will not be able to define an arrays of tuples with the old syntax anymore. For now there is no difference between the two.

### Declaring array variables {-}

Arrays are declared with the keyword `array` followed by the dimensions
enclosed in square brackets, the element type, and the name of the variable.

The variable `n` is declared as an array of five integers as follows.

```stan
array[5] int n;
```

A two-dimensional array of real values with three rows and four columns is
declared with the following.

```stan
array[3, 4] real a;
```

A three-dimensional array `z` of positive reals with five rows, four
columns, and two shelves can be declared as follows.

```stan
array[5, 4, 2] real<lower=0> z;
```

Arrays may also be declared to contain vectors.  For example,

```stan
array[3] vector[7] mu;
```

declares `mu` to be an array of size 3 containing vectors with 7
elements.  Arrays may also contain matrices.  The example

```stan
array[15, 12] matrix[7, 2] mu;
```

declares a 15 by 12 array of $7 \times 2$ matrices.  Any of the
constrained types may also be used in arrays, as in the declaration

```stan
array[2, 3, 4] cholesky_factor_cov[5, 6] mu;
```

of a $2 \times 3 \times 4$ array of $5 \times 6$ Cholesky factors of
covariance matrices.

> #### Array syntax in Stan 2.26 and earlier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Array syntax before Stan 2.26
```

> In Stan 2.26 and earlier, arrays were declared by enclosing the dimensions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before Stan 2.26, arrays were declared by enclosing the dimensions
```

For example, vectors cannot be assigned to arrays or vice-versa.

```stan
array[4] real a;
vector[4] b;

> array[4] row_vector c;

Reviewer: I think the source statement is wrong. Should be `row_vector[4] c`. Not sure what's going on here.

It is not even legal to assign row vectors to column vectors or vice
versa.
```stan
array[4] vector b;

> array[4] row_vector c;

Reviewer: The source statements are wrong. No vector/row_vector sizes.
